For my SDK design, I chose to mirror the API for all routes except for the ones that relate to quotes. I did this so that each function had a unique action associated to it for example `getAllBooks` gets all the books and `getAllCharacters` gets all the characters. Making 4 different quote functions for gettign movie quotes, character quotes, all quotes felt redundant and might confuse the user. furthermore, I felt like the whole point of a function is that based on the inputs a function is given it produces differnet outputs. Thus, I opted for the user to pass in his desired quote location to get the quotes he is looking for. 

I chose to make the user pass in an object as the parameters so that the SDK can adapt to more development on the API side. for example, if API adds more routes, then we can adapt by taking in more attributes from the parameter object, rather than having users rewrite their functions to add more parameters. 

I chose to make the sort, limit, page, and offset querys attributes of the queryObject that you pass into each function since they are relativly straight forward and don't have that many configurations. On the other hand, I chose to let users manually enter the filters since users can add multiple filters and each filter can have multiple configurations. For Example, `/character?name=Gandalf&name!=Frodo&race=Hobbit,human&budgetInMillions<100` would be difficult for a developer to codify into queryObject parameters. Its better to just let the developer reference the api docs and add the filters as writeen in the API. 

I chose to put the SDK into a class so that when imported, it could be instantiated as an object. I prefered this over a collection of module functions becuase it allows the user to initalize their access key once when the create the object and not need to pass in the access key with every function call. Furthermore, it allowed me to maintain one API calling object instead of creating a new API calling object within each function

I tested the SDK with Jest becuase it is super lightweight, runs tests in parallel, and is well documented. Furthermore, I felt that the fact that it has no confiurations makes it easier for other developers looking to expand this SDK to start quickly. 
